hey youtube droid review here this is
going to be the latest video it's going
to be kind of a second installment of
how to get this custom rom on our phones
what we're going to be doing right now
real quick is I'm going to show you how
to basically back up do a nandroid
backup is what they call and also update
your recovery tool to the latest version
don't have a lot of time so I'm going to
get right into it please on the right
side over here you're going to see the
show notes please make sure you download
the appropriate files to your desktop
there's also going to be some links in
there so you can follow a guide online
to do this plus watch a video so you
won't screw anything up and if you have
any comments just go ahead and ask them
in the comments section or any questions
I mean in the comments section and I'll
go back to them as soon as I can or
maybe if there's anyone out there that
else can answer questions they can help
you too so let's get right into it first
things first let's go and download some
applications from the market the ones
that you're going to want to get is
right there actually right there it's
called droid root helper you're going to
want to grab that 13 all one word droid
root helper the next one is called
terminal emulator it's going to be right
there there's a couple of them in the
app market you're going to want to get
the one that says Jake pelvic the
developer his name is Jake pelvic um
alright once those are downloaded we're
going to go ahead and we're going to go
ahead and open up droid root helper and
your first before you even get into
anything or do anything you're going to
want to download the tools for this big
menu don't worry about its kind of
intimidating at first but as long as you
follow instructions it'll be quick click
on menu a little menu pops up we're
going to go ahead and click on get the
tools click on get the tools you don't
need to read any of that jazz just click
on get the tools down here at the bottom
if you are connected to Wi-Fi should not
take more than three or four minutes if
you're not on Wi-Fi it's going to take
maybe 10 minutes to download it's kind
of a big file it's going to download it
to your SD card to a folder called tools
you don't need to mess with it right now
or do anything with it but before you do
anything you're going to want to
download
that I've already got a download so I'm
going to go straight into it push it
back button here the first things first
we're at the top of the menu here we're
going to go ahead and click on the
second option which is Mount block for
push okay now mine is different right
now you're just going to pop up with a
little mini menu that says always allow
access to right and you can always click
on click the checkbox yes and then click
OK once you click OK it's going to lock
up your handset don't be afraid its
usual it's going to happen I'm second
it's going to happen just force close it
come back into it go ahead and click on
mount system block for again click ok
now once that's mounted you're going to
scroll down and the first install that
you're going to want to do is install
chmod busybox push okay in the second
one down chmod flash image push okay
then you're going to want to scroll down
click this one recovery at the bottom
here put that push okay do not reboot
recovery yet scroll back up here rename
recovery from boot click that push okay
unmount system block push okay then
we're going to go ahead and click on
sync push okay now you have to do it in
that order if you do not it's not going
to install correctly so please do in
that order now we're going to click on
reboot recovery so I'm going to go ahead
and click on reboot recovery it's going
to shoot us to recovery mode so I'm
going to go ahead and I'll see in a
minute all right as you can see we
didn't do anything we didn't have to
push and hold X and the power button all
that stuff instead of a triangle with
exclamation point we got a nice little
android guy here if you see all this
that's good we're good to go now we can
go ahead and do our backup this is
basically source i close SP recovery
right there that's kind of hard to see
but that's called SP recovery tool
and right now we're using the latest
version 99.1 be which later on we'll go
ahead and upgrade that to ninety-nine
point to be but right now we're just
going to go ahead and do a backup so the
buttons on the side here up down as you
can see up down up down then the camera
button is going to be used as an inter
button so let's go ahead and do that as
an inter button we're going to scroll
down to where it says backup restore
we're going to click on enter we're
going to scroll down here until it says
advanced nandroid backup go ahead and
click the enter button I should say the
camera button you're going to get a list
of options boot cache data misc recovery
system only three of them have asterisks
by them they mean to all have them so
what you're going to do is when you have
a highlighted push the camera button as
an inter and it's going to put an
asterisk there and then just scroll down
to the appropriate one that's missing
put a strict there when you do a backup
this is the only time you should really
kind of backup everything is just go
ahead and push that there that's what I
do anyways so I suggest you tube now
that we have that we're going to go
ahead and click on perform backup when
we click on perform backup it's going to
go through a couple different feature or
things that's going to say this
attempting the Android backup you're
going to get a couple scrolling around
here it's going to take about 22 minutes
or so so I'll be right back as soon as
it's done okay guys okay alright says
done good we're all good to go so now
we're in this menu still in the same one
we were before it's done we now we just
need to exit out exit out we just push
this power button right up here as you
can see push it it'll take us to the old
menu push it one more time now we're in
the main menu we're going to click on
the reboot system now so let's go ahead
and do that I'm going to go ahead and
once I click reboot system now I'm going
to go ahead and stop the camera and all
I'll catch up with you guys when my
phone is rebooted it does take about a
minute or two so I will see you guys in
a minute
you